Hello everyone, today we will look at you
a novelty of 2015 but now it is sold in
stores that is for christmas and this
article 600 84
and here we see this
cool sports transporter
motorcycle set I immediately liked
very colorful many red flowers
new motorcycles here new design wow
super
and first consider our human
people are so cool cool in
wearing black legs they have a black jacket
labeled with such an unusual back
prints the same letter s written red
pens gray palms one with a smile another
in glasses such are interesting and dust
cool dudes themselves
the little people themselves are the following
such a construction is here
construction is such a pedestal
which is such a cup
there is visible written places first second
the third and all the following that we consider
these are these new motorcycles
see new design and motorcycle
cool sports of course these
bad stickers
ate stuck so uncomfortable glue gold
the wheels spin all cool rubles here
Inserted let me take it apart and
I'll show you what she looks like right now.
such a motorcycle if you take this
put the wheel that will look like
some such
moss motif well shorter cool
Looks see here even pictures tank
there are some joins later
here take these parts like this
getting dressed connects and
here so put so let's
I will demonstrate how the man looks
when sits here
pop pop man sit minifigure
mini figure papo like this cool
it looks a woman you see a class we will put
set aside the next construction which
we have a building here this is our own
transporter transporter
such an interesting pickup with such
brands we see a key adjustable cab
white cup prints such will not come and
stickers of the letter s written with racine headlights
the door opens and we see a barrel behind
of the act of nafs whom we often see others
recruitment saw such two black helmets
and here is such a thing here I am
I'll show you such a platform and here
she so fastened the opposite thanks
it's even possible to put the show
lower and the bike can drop in
stop falling into place like this
then it all cleans up naturally and
back with you c
here we also see the tow
the device is there so it clings
let's look at the trailer itself is
just a little detail for a long time such wheels are not
saw sets not met that's it
nothing special is put so
clings but put on the motorcycle itself
take tincture is engaged and here itself
It looks like this set that could say
how would advise set cool set
colorful especially worth buying from these
new motorcycles alright everyone with
happy new year holidays
Merry Christmas to everyone
see you soon